[IS-5.9.0] Resolve intermediate certificate validation issue in SCIM2 endpoints (#2846)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/administer/product-level-security-guidelines.md

    
    - Linux/Unix : sh wso2server.sh
    - Windows : wso2server.bat

## Certificate validation for REST APIs

> When configuring intermediate certificate validation for REST APIs, it is recommended to add the exempt_contexts parameter and leave it empty. This is because authentication might be broken in your system for the exempted contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring intermediate certificate validation for REST APIs, it is recommended to add the `exempt_contexts` parameter and leave it empty. This is because authentication might fail for the exempted contexts.
```

Author: Addressed with 5b0a50120f0d777484e0fa0eb294fc14fd03f299

!!! info

>     For more information, see the instructions on [configure intermediate certificate validation](../../develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediate-certificate-validation). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, see the instructions on [configuring intermediate certificate validation](../../develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediate-certificate-validation). 
```

>     For more information, see the instructions on [Configure intermediate certificate validation](../../develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediate-certificate-validation). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For more information, see the instructions on [Configure intermediate certificate validation](../../develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediate-certificate-validation). 
```
```suggestion
    For more information, see the instructions on [configuring intermediate certificate validation](../../develop/authenticating-and-authorizing-rest-apis/#configure-intermediate-certificate-validation). 
```

Author: Addressed with 5b0a50120f0d777484e0fa0eb294fc14fd03f299
